Parsing stuff into better data format (#3)
NahejL/js.wiki.extractor: README.md

### TODO:
* add npm script so we can run it through `$ npm run extract`

> * create a rundom time function for fetch.sh (between 3 and 5 secs, so interval is not fixed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* create a random time function for fetch.sh (between 3 and 5 secs, so that the interval is not fixed)
```

> * make db preprocessing and incertion function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* make db preprocessing and insertion function
```
